1. In the most concise way possible, answer the question, what is 42? How would you
describe 42 to someone who doesn't know what 42 is?

42 is the school of future. Coding school with no tuition, lessons and teachers which
is focused on project-based learning and peer review.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

You have to show that you have patience, intuition, logical and a problem solving mindset to
be able become an actual 42 student.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

Share, respect, help and partisipate. Simply saying - treat others how you want to be treated.

4.If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding expirience - do you really
think it's worth their time?

100% yes. It's a unique opportunity to challange yourself, make friends from all
over the world and just became a better person.

5. What makes 42 unique?

"It cannot be truth!" was my first thought when I heart about 42.
Zero tution. Zero teachers. Zero classes. 100% coding. 100% welcoming and friendly
environment. And it is real and makes it special! 

6. What do you think you're learning the most at 42?

You learn how to learn. Main principles of selfeducation and selfbuilding. Starting from
managing your time, collaborate and communicate with your peers to learn how to code, explain it 
and even more - understand somebody elses code. 

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you've been stuck on the problem
for a while and have no idea what to do - what you next steps would be?

Google it. Ask your peer on the left. Ask your peer on the right. Try to solve it. Repeat.

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily
basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict dead-
lines?

One word - discipline. Talant is nothing. Discipline is everything. And remember to reach the
goal, we must first go.

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they
do not offer job placement, what would you say?

42 provides the skills needed to achieve success throughout an internship. The rest -
finding the actual internship - in dependent on individual motivation. You need to put
in the work.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level
before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

The way internships work is when students reach level 7, they have the choice to take an
internship. They can reach out to developers and companies that are either associated or 
separate from 42.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

42 teaches you to work well with others and develops your interpersonal skills as well as
your actual programming skills. Working well alongside a team will be an invaluable quality
when adapting to a work place.

Bonus 

1. Dmitry Bubnov and 
2. Nikolai Vinogradov are working on Lem_in.
3. Denys Gonor is working on docker-1.
4. Valeriia Muradian is working on Piscine CPP.
5. Maksym Petrusenko is working on Filler.
